 vim: tw=80 sw=2 ts=2 et

steamed egg :
  egg water
  1   1.75

sliced boiled chicken:
  thrice yellow chicken. boiled for 11 minutes, turn off the fire, simmer for
  20 minuts.

bread:
  strong flour | water+milk | yeast | butter | sugar | sault
  100          | 60         | 0.6   | *      | *     | 2    

  knead until dough is smooth, bouncy.

  get a bow, put in some oil then your dough, cover it with plastic wrap.

  first rise test:
    Gently stick two fingers in the risen dough up to the second knuckle and
    then take them out.  If the indentations remain the dough is “ripe” and
    ready for punch down

  second rise test:
    Simply touch the side of the dough lightly with your fingertip. If part of
    the indentation remains, the loaf is ripe and ready for the oven.

salt in yeast dough:
  Salt acts as a natural antioxidant in the dough and not only adds taste but
  especially helps bring out the flavors and aromas present in the flour and
  other ingredients.

  Next to its role in boosting the flavor of your bread, salt plays a role in
  tightening the gluten structure and adding strength to your dough. It helps
  the loaf to hold on to the carbon dioxide gas that is formed during
  fermentation, supporting good volume.

  Salt slows down fermentation and enzyme activity in dough. The salt crystals
  draw water away form their environment (salt is ‘hygroscopic’). When salt and
  yeast compete for water, salt wins and the yeast is slowed down.

  Because of its moisture maintaining properties, salt can prevent bread from
  getting stale but it can also (this is especially true in humid environments)
  absorb moisture from the air and leave you with soft crusts and soggy bread.

how does sour dough make things rise:
   Lactobacilli (remember, they're all around us; you don't need to "add" them)
   break down flour's complex carbohydrates into simple sugars—exactly what
   yeast needs for food. The yeast, feeding on these simple sugars, produces
   carbon dioxide bubbles. 

sour flavor in sour dough:
  As byproducts of manufacturing simple sugars, lactobacilli produce flavorful
  organic acids: lactic acid, which adds a rich, mellow flavor to bread; and to
  a lesser degree over a longer period of time, acetic acid, which gives
  sourdough bread its sour tang.

steam in the oven:
  In the first few minutes of baking, loaves of bread will rise rapidly as the
  gases trapped inside expand and the yeast has a final burst of activity (this
  is called "ovenspring"). Steaming within this time helps keep the crust soft.
  This allows the bread to continue expanding freely.

  The steam that has settled on the surface of the bread also dissolves sugars
  in the dough. As the bread stops expanding and the steam begins to evaporate,
  the sugars are left behind to caramelize (yum!) and create a glossy crust.

  Steaming is really only useful during the first 5-10 minutes of baking while
  the yeast is still active and the internal structure hasn't set. After this
  time, the crust needs its own time to set and dry out.

dough Hydration percentage = (water weight / flour weight) * 100

flour:
  flour protein percent:
    whole-wheat flour:      16 - %
    Bread Flour:            14 - 16%
    high protein flour:     12 - 14%
    All-Purpose (AP) Flour: 10 - 12%
    Pastry Flour:           9%
    Cake Flour:             7-8%

  high gluten flours (like bread flour) soak up more water than lower gluten
  flours (like all-purpose)
